Honda Motor Co  said it will recall an undisclosed number of U.S. cars from model years 2001 to 2006 to replace potentially defective Takata Corp  air bags. The action, announced on Thursday night, involves some of the nearly 1,000,000 cars previously included in a June recall, and a portion of the 560,000 cars recalled in April 2013. Honda did not provide an exact total. Honda said no injuries or fatalities related to the issue have been confirmed. Honda said U.S. dealers will replace the passenger side air bag inflator, which can rupture and send metal shards into the passenger compartment. At least four deaths have been linked to the defect.  (Reporting by Paul Lienert in Detroit; Editing by Chris Reese) FREE AppDownload
The Aussie dollarís fall isnít over yet,†according to a Commonwealth Bank expert in one of the most bearish outlooks youíll ever get from an Aussie major. Richard Grace, CBAís head of currency strategy, wrote a note to clients telling them the Aussie dollar will not ìremain immuneî to the move toward a stronger US dollar. Furthermore, the demand and currency adjustment in favour of the USD vis-‡-vis the JPY and EUR appears set to remain in place for at least twelve months; and more likely a number of years. Consequently, with upward pressure on the USD, then AUD/USD must move lower, even if AUD continues to hold up relatively well on a trade-weighted basis. And he cites several more reasons before suggesting ìmaintaining a strategy of selling into rallies on the AUD/USDî. 2.†In Asia yesterday,†the Nikkei dipped back after the USDJPY surged to 115.50 before reversing more than 100 points, taking sentiment and stocks with it.
Morgan Stanley Will Spend $50 Million Reimbursing Clients Who Didn't Receive Prospectuses (The Wall Street Journal) Morgan Stanley has set aside $50 million to "reimburse clients who didn't receive prospectuses after they purchased securities, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing made on Tuesday," reports Michael Wursthorn. In late 2013, the firm noticed that some clients never got electronic prospectuses, and they have decided to reimburse them. Originally, Morgan Stanley was planning on paying back $20 million, but the firm saw "an increased level of rescission offer acceptances during October 2014" according to an SEC filing. Not All Liquid Alternatives Are Created Equal (Investment News) The biggest risk of investing in liquid alternatives is the extreme performance disparity, argues Jeff Benjamin, which was exhibited by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs. The former bank's fund performed significantly worse than the latter's: Morgan Stanley's was down 1%, while Goldman's was up 7.2%. "Most alternative strategies are designed around capturing alpha above a market benchmark at the individual manager level. That means performance dispersions can be dramatic between the best and worst alternative funds in a given category," writes Benjamin. Don't Merge If You Like To Be In Control (Wealth Management) Advisory firms are increasingly feeling the pressure to merge with another firm to grow their businesses. However, there are three reasons merging may not be the best decision for a small firm. First, if you have not found the right partner, don't merge with just anyone.† Second, advisers who prefer to be in complete control of the firm should avoid merging. When you add more people into your practice, you have to give up control in exchange for resources and support. "It is the reason you are likely to meet many advisers with a small practice of their own who are much happier than the advisor with the largest practice in, say, the Chicago office of a national firm," argues Philip Palaveev. And finally, working for oneself allows for a better work-life balance. Having more employees adds pressure on advisers to "maintain a similar workload and contribution, as it's difficult to be lifestyle oriented in an ambitious team of people," writes Palaveev. Focus Just Added A $1.4 Billion RIA (Think Advisor) Focus Financial Partners added a huge $1.4 billion RIA, Strategic Wealth Partners. All together, Focus has added 23 new partners in 2014. Focus sees "tremendous potential" with the Chicago-area Strategic Wealth Partners. They are hoping to establish a regional presence in the "highly fragmented nature of the Chicago RIA market," according to Vamsi Yadlapati, a managing director at Focus. Strategic Wealth Partners was founded in 2008 and has 14 staff members.
The New York Times, citing a person briefed on the matter, is also reporting that Hasbro and DreamWorks are in talks regarding a deal.
A businessman looks at his mobile phone as he walks in the financial area of Pudong in Shanghai May 30, 2013.The data out of China so far has been disappointing, and has prompted economists to cut their 2014 GDP forecasts.
This weekend the People's Bank of China announced that the yuan-dollar daily trading band would be widened to 2% on either side, from 1%.
A market-determined exchange rate† is a long-term goal for the central bank. "The hope is a market price for a key macro-economic variable will encourage greater efficiency in resource allocation," writes Bloomberg BRIEF economist Tom Orlik. "Two-way fluctuations will also discourage speculative inflows and give the central bank greater scope to set an independent monetary policy, ending the low interest rates that have fueled runaway lending and asset bubbles. While this is an important step towards internationalizing the renminbi and establishing market-based exchange rate, the move was largely anticipated by markets. 
But markets are now looking for a more meaningful reform out of China.
The announcement comes on the back of a PBoC-engineered weakening of the yuan (via lower reference rates) over the past several weeks ó largely designed to shake out carry-trading speculators following an extended, multi-year period of sustained appreciation against the U.S. dollar ó and is seen as a significant step in liberalizing China's current account and internationalizing its currency.
Fitness and wellness expert Tracey Mallett visited the Business Insider offices to demonstrate yoga that you can easily incorporate into your morning routine. Mallett insists it's the perfect workout to get you ready for the workday in just a few minutes. 
Currently, that spread is around 32 basis points and I think that a Fed hike is about 18 months out. The 2-year has a lot of ground to cover over the next year or so. The correction won't come smoothly. We're expecting the 2-year to wake up one day and suddenly realize it's mispriced ó just as the 10-year did last year when it jumped 150 basis points in a very short space of time.

Ford Motor Co. revealed its emission testing could be flawed and took pains to soothe anxiety among investors in an industry wracked by years of pollution scandals. Ford said workers raised concerns about its testing in September, and it’s since hired an outside firm to help conduct an investigation that could stretch into the summer. Along with the unidentified firm and regulators, the company will look into how it’s used road-load specifications to simulate how aerodynamic drag and tire friction can affect fuel economy outside testing labs. By speaking up Thursday, even before sorting out just how big a dilemma it faces, Ford managed to keep shareholders relatively calm. An initial stock swoon following the disclosure gave way to a tempered drop. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency also signaled it’s pleased the company stepped forward voluntarily. The mea culpa was a far cry from Volkswagen AG’s handling of its so-called dieselgate scandal, which has haunted the German giant for years and cost it upwards of $32 billion. Whereas VW’s diesel engines were deliberately designed to skirt emissions rules, it’s too early to say whether Ford was intentionally gaming the system. Ford is also fessing up, while VW stonewalled environmental regulators for months. “It seems as if Ford is trying to nip this in the bud,” said Michelle Krebs, senior analyst for car-shopping researcher Autotrader. “It wasn’t brought to Ford’s attention by outsiders or consumers, it was discovered by employees and, to their credit, they listened to them.” Ford said it hasn’t yet found that any of its fuel-economy ratings are inaccurate. Although the company already is evaluating potential changes to its road-load modeling process, it’s distancing itself from VW. The Dearborn, Michigan-based carmaker said its concerns don’t involve so-called defeat devices used to cheat emissions tests. “Everyone treats the subject of emissions testing very delicately because of what happened at VW,” said Jessica Caldwell, executive director of auto industry analysis at researcher Edmunds. While Ford shares fell as much as 3.3 percent after its disclosure, they were down 0.2 percent later in trading after the market close. “It has been a long and deep discovery process,” Kim Pittel, Ford’s group vice president of sustainability, environment and safety engineering, said in an interview. “At this time, there’s been no determination that we have an issue with our fuel-economy labels or our emissions certification. It’s too early in the investigation to say that.”  The EPA said Ford informed the agency on Monday and briefed the regulator on its initial findings the following day. “The investigation is ongoing and the information too incomplete for EPA to reach any conclusions,” Michael Abboud, an agency spokesman, said by email. “We take the potential issues seriously and are following up with the company to fully understand the circumstances behind this disclosure.”The EPA intends to determine whether the discrepancies Ford discovered were widespread or isolated, an agency official briefed on the matter said. The regulator is taking the matter seriously, and Ford’s voluntary disclosure was seen as positive, the official said. The California Air Resources Board, which played a major role in unearthing VW’s scandal, had no immediate comment. David Clegern, a spokesman, said by email the regulator hadn’t heard from Ford as of Thursday, contradicting the company’s statement that it shared its concerns with the regulator this week. Environmental and consumer-advocacy groups were quick to condemn Ford, which made its announcement the same day the White House said it was cutting off talks with California over future fuel-economy standards. Ford was among the carmakers that asked President Donald Trump to reopen a review of rules set by the Obama administration, which helped set in motion an escalating series of policy clashes between Washington and Sacramento. “It’s shameful that Ford waited months to disclose issues with its emissions testing,” the environmental groups Sierra Club and Public Citizen said in a joint statement. “These actions are only magnified by the company’s attempts to undo and weaken the current emissions standards. After repeated cheating scandals and failure to comply with clean-air safeguards, the auto industry has proven that it cannot be trusted to act in the public’s interest.” Ford has had fuel-economy issues before. It restated ratings on six models, including the Fiesta, C-Max and Fusion hybrid cars, in 2014 and cut checks for as much as $1,050 to more than 200,000 owners to compensate for their vehicles’ mileage shortcomings.Now, the first model Ford is evaluating as part of its certification-process review is the 2019 Ranger pickup, which went on sale early this year. “I’m not too worried about it for now, at least,” David Whiston, an analyst with Morningstar Inc., said by phone. “For investors, I don’t think there’s anything to do at this point. You just have to stay tuned for more information.”
The issue isnít that those companies are selling the same things we are for less. The issue is that the low-priced commodities sold by superstores, warehouse clubs, and restaurant chains influence our customersí understanding of what everything costs. For example, the reason itís hard to sell a really good, locally produced burger in many markets isnít because the product isnít worth it; even $10 or $12 for a handcrafted product that includes 6 ounces of grass-fed beef is a steal compared with what you can buy at Applebeeís or Olive Garden for that price. The reason itís hard to market a high-quality burger is that so many companies sell burgers so cheaplyóregardless of how bad they areóthat we think a burger ìshouldî cost only $5 or $6. Hereís what rubs meóand many other small business ownersóthe wrong way about this: The reason these companies are able to sell commodities so cheap while making a profit is by passing off certain costs that we small businesses canít. For instance, large agriculture businesses can raise their meats in areas with lax environmental and employment regulations, which means, for instance, that many of the costs of producing pork get borne†not by Smithfield Foods but by the residents of Tar Heel, N.C. Similarly, megaretailers and other national concerns can inexpensively move goods from remote locations to their stores in†trucks whose use of the roads is heavily subsidized by everyone who drives a car. Subtly, a nonlivable minimum wageóand in most areas minimum wage is well below a livable wageóis also a kind of passing off of costs by the big guys. Though their employees work a full-time job, they canít afford health care, education, quality food, or a healthy routine.A controversial overhaul of Europe's copyright laws overcame a key hurdle on Wednesday as a majority of European governments signaled support for the deal. That sets the stage for a pivotal vote by the European Parliament that's expected to occur in March or April. Supporters of the legislation portray it as a benign overhaul of copyright that will strengthen anti-piracy efforts. Opponents, on the other hand, warn that its most controversial provision, known as Article 13, could force Internet platforms to adopt draconian filtering technologies. The cost to develop filtering technology could be particularly burdensome for smaller companies, critics say. Online service providers have struggled to balance free speech and piracy for close to two decades. Faced with this difficult tradeoff, the authors of Article 13 have taken a rainbows-and-unicorns approach, promising stricter copyright enforcement, no wrongful takedowns of legitimate content, and minimal burdens on smaller technology platforms. But it seems unlikely that any law can achieve all of these objectives simultaneously. And digital-rights groups suspect that users will wind up getting burned—both due to wrongful takedowns of legitimate content and because the burdens of mandatory filtering will make it harder to start a new online hosting service. For almost two decades, copyright law in both the United States and Europe has maintained an uneasy standoff between rights holders and major technology platforms. Online platforms were shielded from liability for infringing content uploaded without their knowledge, provided that they promptly remove infringing content once they became aware of it.
My guess is that investors will sell upticks and so we'll gradually build up short positions. However, adverse positioning acts like only a small anchor on a oil tanker. If the economy says that yields need to rise, prices can be marked lower and short positioning won't necessarily have a significant restraining influence.Neither side of the copyright debate has been completely happy with this compromise. On the one hand, digital-rights groups have complained that the rules give platforms an incentive to take down content first and ask questions later. This gives copyright holders broad power to censor other peoples' content.At the same time, copyright holders complain that the system makes it too difficult to police platforms for infringing content. Platforms have no obligation to proactively filter content submitted by users, and copyright holders say they're forced to play an endless game of whack-a-mole against infringing content.Article 13 is designed to shift the balance of copyright law more toward rights holders. While the exact text of the current proposal hasn't been published, it's likely similar to a draft that was leaked last week by Pirate Party MEP Julia Reda. That version states that platforms will be liable for user-uploaded content unless they can demonstrate that they "made best efforts" to obtain authorization from copyright holders and have made "best efforts to ensure the unavailability of specific works and other subject matter for which the rightholders have provided the service providers with the relevant and necessary information."What this would mean in practice is far from clear, especially since this language would need to be "transposed" into the national laws of more than two dozen EU member countries. But that last requirement seems to be mandating that platforms hosting user-generated content adopt filtering technology akin to YouTube's ContentID system. At a minimum, it would give copyright holders more leverage as they pressure sites to more actively police content that's hosted on their sites.An obvious issue here is that Google says it has spent over $100 million developing the ContentID system. Google can afford to spend that kind of money, but smaller companies probably can't.The latest drafts of Article 13 aim to address this objection in a couple of ways. First, it allows the courts to take a number of factors, including the size of a company and its audience, into account when deciding whether a technology company is doing enough to battle piracy. Courts will also be able to consider "the availability of suitable and effective means and their cost for service providers." In other words, if a small technology company can show that it can't afford to build or acquire a system like ContentID, it might not get in trouble for not having one.The proposal also includes a carveout for companies with less than $10 million in annual turnover. However, that exemption is of little practical use because it only applies for the first three years a company is in business.The law also states, rather optimistically, that "cooperation between online content service providers and rightholders shall not result" in the removal of non-infringing works—including those that are covered by the European equivalents of fair use. Theoretically, users would retain the right to use works for quotation, criticism, review, and parody.Of course, that's easier said than done. As long-time readers of Ars know, YouTube has received many bogus takedown requests that appear to infringe on users' fair use rights. While YouTube seems to have gotten better at filtering through these over time, incidents keep happening because it's genuinely difficult to tell which uses are fair and which aren't—especially when operating at YouTube's scale. The authors of Article 13 haven't discovered a new way to resolve this tension—they're just demanding that platform owners try harder.The practical implications of Article 13 depend heavily on how they're implemented. If Article 13 becomes law, its vague text will need to be transposed into detailed regulations in every member country. Then those regulations will need to be interpreted by judges.If the laws are implemented and interpreted by technology-friendly officials, Article 13 might do little more than codify the modest anti-piracy efforts most large platforms already undertake. Smaller companies might be able to point to that language about the "cost for service providers" and argue that proactive filtering simply isn't affordable for them. In this case, the impact of Article 13 might be fairly restrained.On the other hand, a harsher interpretation of the law could have a big impact. Larger companies might be forced to adopt more intrusive content-filtering systems. Smaller companies could be forced to waste precious cash building (or licensing) complex and expensive filtering systems. Ironically, this could wind up entrenching the power of existing large platforms—which are mostly based in the United States.Chicago needs a kicker.That much is clear after Friday's report from NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport that the Bears intend to release embattled booter Cody Parkey when the new league year begins on March 13.The journeyman Parkey landed in Chicago in 2018 where he converted 23 of 30 regular-season field-goal tries, missing three between 30-39 yards and three extra-point tries. By the time the Bears made the playoffs, Parkey had not quite ingratiated himself to the Chicago fanbase. And then, the Double Doink happened.Parkey's last-second miss in Chicago's Wild Card Weekend loss to the Philadelphia Eagles and subsequent interview on "The Today Show" assured his departure from the club after just one campaign.With Parkey exiting, among the Bears' options in their attempt to move forward is to look backward and in the direction of a cast-off fan favorite: Robbie Gould.The 36-year-old kicker is an impending free agent after two seasons in San Francisco. Gould spent the bulk of his 14-year career with the Bears and said Friday that he understands the Chicago fan base's demands for his return."Once a Bear always a Bear," Gould said, per the Associated Press. "I truly mean that. This is where I spent 11 years of my life playing for an awesome organization. I've developed a lot of great relationships throughout the city but also the organization, just like I've done in New York, just like I've done in San Francisco. Will it happen? I don't know."Gould has been an ace for the Niners over the last two seasons, knocking in 72 of 75 field-goal attempts and leading the league in field-goal percentage (97.1) in 2018. San Francisco can franchise-tag Gould if it deems fit and keep the Chicago resident by the Bay for another season."They have the opportunity to get a contract done with me," Gould explained. "Obviously, they have exclusive rights to talk to me until free agency opens. There's no reason not to. ... At this point, I'm just enjoying being around my kids and not really worried about the football contract."After 11 seasons with the team, Gould was released by the Bears ahead of the 2016 season with two years remaining on his deal. He left as the franchise's all-time scoring leader. Could he return a savior?"The McCaskey family (owners) changed my family's life," Gould said. "They gave us a lot of great opportunities in one of the greatest sports cities you'll ever find. I'm thankful that they gave me that opportunity. I'll be forever thankful. My kids will be raised Bears fans. This is home."The deadline to franchise- or transition-tag a player is March 5. If Gould isn't under contract in San Francisco by then, the Bears legend could return home to a fan base desperate for a familiar face and an accurate kicker.Sedgwick Street in Chicago's Old Town neighborhood appears to divide two worlds. On the West Side, a subsidized housing complex called Marshall Field Gardens, home to mostly black residents. And to the east, condos and million-dollar homes, where mostly white residents live. Adell Thomas has lived in the housing for decades."It's segregation. It's what it is," Thomas said. "They're in their own world. We're over here in our own world." "I've heard people say, 'oh I don't like my kids to walk down Sedgwick Street," said Charlie Branda, who lives on the East Side, but often looked across the way to the west. "People over here seemed to be really friendly with each other, and they were hugging each other and, like everybody was everybody's aunt," Branda said. After a deadly shooting in 2013, Branda decided this community needed unity. So she enlisted Thomas and built a bridge -- with art.Now weekly drawing classes attract dozens of kids who were once strangers.Their exhibits celebrate diversity. One student said he enjoys meeting new people "because I can learn things from them."Branda said he "definitely" sees more white people walking on the west side of the street.  "I see a change now," Thomas said. Every interaction counts -- including their own."There was an incident on my street, and Adell texted me to make sure I was okay," Branda said. "I was so happy, I was like, 'yay I have a neighbor who loves me.'"They agree there's now a real partnership. "We're friends," Branda laughs. "It took her a while to say that. She's like we're really more like professional colleagues. I was like, I view you as a friend."Meeting in the middle -- on Sedgwick Street.A U.S. Coast Guard lieutenant and self-described white nationalist planned a domestic terrorist attack targeting politicians and journalists, federal prosecutors say in court papers. Christopher Paul Hasson was arrested last week on gun and drug charges, but intended "to murder innocent civilians on a scale rarely seen in this country," according to court documents filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court in Maryland.Hasson was scheduled to appear in court Thursday afternoon in Maryland.Hasson has been stockpiling weapons since 2017, the government said, and created a list of targets including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. Allegedly expressing extremist views for years, Hasson viewed pro-Russian, neo-fascist, and neo-Nazi literature thousands of times between January 2017 and 2019. He once wrote, "I am dreaming of a way to kill almost every last person on the earth" in an email draft, court documents said.Authorities found 15 guns and over 1,000 rounds of ammunition in Hasson's apartment. While working as an acquisitions officer in Washington, D.C., Hasson routinely read the manifesto by far-right domestic terrorist Anders Breivik, who killed 77 Norwegian citizens in 2011. In a letter Hasson sent to himself, he called for "focused violence" and said he is a "long-time White nationalist."A California high school student who was banned from wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat on campus is challenging her school district for impinging on her First Amendment rights. Maddie Mueller, who attends Clovis North High School in Fresno, is a member of Valley Patriots. The conservative activist group asked its affiliates to wear the well-known hat bearing Donald Trump's campaign motto on Wednesday. Ms Mueller said that officials at the school told her the school dress code prohibited it, according to CBS affiliate KGPE. Now Ms Mueller is fighting the district. “To my knowledge Trump is not a logo; it's a last name. It's just our president. You can't claim the president is a logo, sports team or affiliated with any gang,” she told KGPE. “How does being a patriot in trying to show pride in your country – how is that inappropriate?” Clovis Unified School District chief communication Officer Kelly Avants told KPGE that the dress code is in place “for kids to feel safe at school and free of distractions so they can focus on learning”. “It's unfortunate that our dress code is being misrepresented as specifically singling out a MAGA hat as that is not what the policy says,” she said on Thursday in a statement to Fox News. “Unless causing an actual disruption on campus, MAGA apparel is acceptable, and this has been shared with the student.” The First Amendment guarantees freedom of speech, which includes use of certain offensive words or phrases to convey political messages. But that right is not absolute, particularly for a student in a public high school such as Clovis North High. In 2014, another California school prohibited students from wearing American flag T-shirts on Cinco de Mayo, requiring the children to either change or leave campus. As the Washington Post reported, school officials anticipated the clothing would cause “substantial disruption because of previous altercations”. The 9th Circuit Court upheld the decision, writing that “school authorities [can reasonably] forecast substantial disruption of or material interference with school activities” stemming from the speech. A 2018 Oregon lawsuit disputing a student's suspension for wearing a shirt supporting construction of Mr Trump's border wall turned out differently. The school settled the case for $25,000 and an apology from the principal. Ms Avants said the Clovis dress code permits clothing with sayings or political commentary, and that Ms Mueller has also been reprimanded for violating the policy for wearing a T-shirt that read “build the wall,” according to KCBS-TV. She was also allegedly denied permission to wear another school-coloured hat supporting Mr Trump. To that, Mueller told KCBS: “I don't care if I offend anybody. I'm just showing support for the president and what I believe.”
What do you perceive to be the most misunderstood trend or event in or characteristic of today's markets?
The two prevailing theories are that the plane was commandeered by the pilots or hijackers or suffered a fire or other mechanical problem. Both theories fit some but not all of the supposed facts that have been released thus far. The fire theory, for example, is undermined by the lack of any apparent distress call. And no motive has been unearthed that might explain the hijacking/commandeering theory, especially given the likelihood that the plane then later crashed somewhere in the Indian Ocean.
These batteries, which commonly power cell phones and other gadgets, have occasionally caused fires, including on airplanes. †The Mail reports data from the FAA citing 140 incidents in the last 25 years involving lithium-ion batteries. At least two major crashes in the past two decades, meanwhile, have been caused by on-board fires, including a Swissair flight in 1998 and a UPS cargo plane in 2010.
Earlier this week, a former pilot named Chris Goodfellow articulated the fire theory, explaining how the plane's turn to the west could have been a standard attempt to head toward the nearest airport for an emergency landing. The plane's new heading put it on a course straight for Pulau Langkawi, a major airport in northern Malaysia. Billie Vincent, a former Federal Aviation Administration security official, has also argued that the facts fit a fire.†ìThe data released thus far most likely points to a problem with hazardous materials," Vincent†told Air Traffic Management.net.†"This scenario begins with the eruption of hazardous materials within the cargo hold ñ either improperly packaged or illegally shipped ñ or both.î Malaysia Airlines says the batteries in the cargo hold were properly packed. Vincent also suggests that the strange altitude readings that Malaysian investigators say they captured on radaróan ascent to 45,000 feet and then a descent to 25,000ócould be explained by a fire. The pilots might not have been able to see the controls in the cockpit, Vincent said, and thus ascended higher than they intended. And, later, they might have been trying to get the plane to an altitude at which they could vent the plane and slow the progress of the fire, as well as prepare for an emergency landing. Malaysian investigators say they believe that the plane was commandeered, and one fact in particular they have released does not fit the fire theory. They say that the plane changed its course prior to a final radio communication in which the co-pilot said "good night" to air-traffic control ó a routine call that made it seem like everything was fine. SEE ALSO:* This Is The Most Plausible Theory For The Plane's Disappearance We Have Heard Yet...* 777 PILOT: Sorry, But I'm Just Not Buying The Smoke-In-The-Cockpit It has been devastating, harming both current and future generations. Just witness the extent of long-term joblessness and youth unemployment, as well as the excessive increase in the inequality trio (of income, wealth and opportunities). It has also contributed to political polarization and weakened global policy coordination on economic and geo-political issues.† The impact on Wall Street: Here the impact has been quite subdued. Thanks to the hyper activism of central banks, markets have been largely shielded from the impact of weaker fundamentals. Indeed, central banks have inserted quite a wedge between fundamentals and market prices; and they have done so for an understandable reason: given their limited policy tools, they are obliged to use the asset price channel as a way to influence wealth, spending, animal spirits, risk taking and investing.†† The economic outlook: Over the short-term, the economic baseline calls essentially for more of the same, along with fatter two-sided tails for the distribution as a whole. Specifically, absent major policy mistakes or geo-political/market accidents, western growth will gradually improve in 2014, but unfortunately still fall short of escape velocity. Over the medium-term, however, the probability of tipping into one of the two tails is likely to increase: so either the west reaches a critical point of internal healing that enables growth at or above potential for a while; or now-deeply embedded structural problems contribute to more prolonged low growth with significantly higher probability of financial volatility.
There is, however, a general belief that there are four big indicators that the committee weighs heavily in their cycle identification process. They are:  Today's release of the March employment data showed an increase of 192K new nonfarm jobs, which was a bit below most economists' expectations (e.g., the Bloomberg survey of economists had a median of 200K), but not enough to prove worrisome. The unemployment rate remained steady at 6.7%."Nothing can be ruled out, but parties are in any case preparing for elections."Another is Boston Collegeís Center on Wealth and Philanthropy, which since 1970 has minted a diverse array of studies of the wealthy. For four years, the Gates Foundation has supported an effort by the center to determine exactly how the American wealthy think and live ó and in particular how, when, and to what degree they make the shift from accumulating fortunes to giving them away philanthropically. (The John Templeton Foundation, which is concerned with spiritual matters, kicked in additional funding to study correlations between wealth, philanthropy, and religion.) The project has produced one of the most remarkable documents in the centerís history: a survey that invited the very rich to write freely about how prosperity has shaped their lives and those of their children. From the anonymity of their home computers, the respondents wrote anything from a few words to a few pages, volunteering not only their net worth and sources of wealth but also their innermost hopes, fears, and anxieties. The responses, which run to 500 pages and fill three plastic binders on the fifth floor of Boston Collegeís McGuinn Hall, constitute what the centerís director, the sociologist Paul G. Schervish, calls ìan extraordinary sample of confession, memoir, and apologiaî from the super-rich. (The researchers admit that this sample is not representative, being inevitably skewed toward those wealthy people who are willing to offer their confessions to a computer screen.) Roughly 165 households responded, 120 of which have at least $25 million in assets. The respondentsí average net worth is $78 million, and two report being billionaires. The goal, say the surveyís architects, was to weed out all but those at or approaching complete financial security. Most of the surveyís respondents are wealthy enough to ensure that in any catastrophe short of Armageddon, they will still be dining on Chateaubriand while the rest of us are spit-roasting rats over trash-can fires. The results of the study are not yet public, but†The Atlantic†was granted access to portions of the research, provided the anonymity of the subjects was strictly maintained. The center expects to present the full conclusions gradually at upcoming conferences and to publish them over the next several months. The study is titled ìThe Joys and Dilemmas of Wealth,î but given that the joys tend to be self-evident, it focuses primarily on the dilemmas. The respondents turn out to be a generally dissatisfied lot, whose money has contributed to deep anxieties involving love, work, and family. Indeed, they are frequently dissatisfied even with their sizable fortunes. Most of them still do not consider themselves financially secure; for that, they say, they would require on average one-quarter more wealth than they currently possess. (Remember: this is a population with assets in the tens of millions of dollars and above.) One respondent, the heir to an enormous fortune, says that what matters most to him is his Christianity, and that his greatest aspiration is ìto love the Lord, my family, and my friends.î He also reports that he wouldnít feel financially secure until he had $1 billion in the bank. Such complaints sound, on their face, preposterous. But just as the human body didnít evolve to deal well with todayís easy access to abundant fat and sugars, and will crave an extra cheeseburger when it shouldnít, the human mind, apparently, didnít evolve to deal with excess money, and will desire more long after wealth has become a burden rather than a comfort. A vast body of psychological evidence shows that the pleasures of consumption wear off through time and depend heavily on oneís frame of reference. Most of us, for instance, occasionally spoil ourselves with outbursts of deliberate and perhaps excessive consumption: a fancy spa treatment, dinner at an expensive restaurant, a shopping spree. In the case of the very wealthy, such forms of consumption can become so commonplace as to lose all psychological benefit: constant luxury is, in a sense, no luxury at all. TwitterTaken together, the survey responses make a compelling case that being fantastically wealthy ó especially when the wealth is inherited rather than earned ó is not a great deal more fulfilling than being merely prosperous. Among other woes, the survey respondents report feeling that they have lost the right to complain about anything, for fear of sounding ó or being ó ungrateful. Those with children worry that their children will become trust-fund brats if their inheritances are too large ó or will be forever resentful if those inheritances (or parts of them) are instead bequeathed to charity. The respondents also confide that they feel their outside relationships have been altered by, and have in some cases become contingent on, their wealth. ìVery few people know the level of my wealth, and if they did, in most cases I believe it would change our relationship,î writes one respondent.photo of a Chevron sign displayed at a gas station in BuckeyeCALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - Chevron Corp  is putting a plan to drill for oil in the Beaufort Sea in Canada's Arctic on hold indefinitely because of what it called "economic uncertainty in the industry" as oil prices fall. In a letter to Canada's National Energy Board on Wednesday, the company withdrew from a hearing on Arctic drilling rules because it has walked away from plans to drill in the EL 481 block, 250 kilometers (155 miles) northwest of Tuktoyaktuk, Northwest Territories. The drilling project is the largest yet put on hold after oil prices dropped by nearly half over the last six months, even as a long list of oil companies cut their budgets for 2015 because of the price drop. "Chevron has put its drilling plans for EL 481 on hold indefinitely," the company said in its letter to the regulator, which was confirmed by a spokesman. The regime has survived many such internal clashes and remains a potent political force, especially in rural areas. It also controls all the countryís main institutions, including the armed forces and the oil industry. Its instinct for survival has so far held it together.
The White House released a list of the books purchased by the Obama trio: - Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End by Atul Gawande - Junie B. Jones and a Little Monkey Business by Barbara Park - I Spy Sticker Book and Picture Riddles by Jean Marzollo - Brown Girl Dreaming by Jacqueline Woodson - All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr - Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad - Age of Ambition: Chasing Fortune, Truth, and Faith in the New China by Evan Osnos Last year, the president and his daughters bought†The Kite Runner,†Harold and the Purple Crayon†and†The Sports Gene. Here is a video of the family checking out at the store: † (Reporting by Elvina Nawaguna; Editing by Sandra Maler and Gunna Dickson) FREE AppDownload
Flickr/Donald Lee Pardue A waitress readies food at a local diner.Fifty years ago, President Lyndon B. Johnson made a move that was unprecedented at the time and remains unmatched by succeeding administrations. He announced a War on Poverty, saying that its ìchief weaponsî would be ìbetter schools, and better health, and better homes, and better training, and better job opportunities.î So starting in 1964 and for almost a decade, the federal government poured at least some of its resources in the direction they should have been going all along: toward those who were most in need. Longstanding programs like Head Start, Legal Services, and the Job Corps were created. Medicaid was established. Poverty among seniors was significantly reduced by improvements in Social Security. Johnson seemed to have established the principle that it is the responsibility of government to intervene on behalf of the disadvantaged and deprived. But there was never enough money for the fight against poverty, and Johnson found himself increasingly distracted by another and deadlier waróthe one in Vietnam. Although underfunded, the War on Poverty still managed to provoke an intense backlash from conservative intellectuals and politicians. In their view, government programs could do nothing to help the poor because poverty arises from the twisted psychology of the poor themselves. By the Reagan era, it had become a cornerstone of conservative ideology that poverty†is caused not by low wages or a lack of jobs and education, but by the bad attitudes and faulty lifestyles of the poor. Picking up on this theory, pundits and politicians have bemoaned the character failings and bad habits of the poor for at least the past 50 years. In their view, the poor are shiftless, irresponsible, and prone to addiction. They have too many children and fail to get married. So if they suffer from grievous material deprivation, if they run out of money between paychecks, if they do not always have food on their tablesóthen they have no one to blame but themselves. In the 1990s, with a bipartisan attack on welfare, this kind of prejudice against the poor took a drastically misogynistic turn. Poor single mothers were identified as a key link in what was called ìthe cycle of poverty.î By staying at home and collecting welfare, they set a toxic example for their children, whoóimportant policymakers came to believeówould be better off being cared for by paid child care workers or even, as Newt Gingrich proposed, in orphanages.In particular, we expect the  U.S. Federal Reserve and the  Bank of England to begin to raise interest rates and continue to do so over the next three years, whereas the  European Central Bank and the  Bank of Japan are both set to extend accommodative monetary policies. We donít expect these central banks to start raising rates until 2018. Institutional Investor We expect inflation to remain broadly within central bank target ranges and economic growth to be slower than in recent years. The link between macroeconomic conditions and asset class returns is complex and uncertain. When we set our forecasts for asset class returns, we start with our long-run macroeconomic outlook and then integrate the specific characteristics of each asset class over the time period in question. With these factors in mind, our long-term nominal expected returns for U.S. Treasuries, corporate bonds and equities are generally lower than they were last year, and the implied risk premiums suggest a lesser mitigation of risk than was assumed last year. The expected returns that we publish for each asset class are meant to be a summary of our views, rather than an exact forecast. It is, of course, difficult to predict asset class returns over a horizon of ten to 15 years. Some investors fall into the trap of directly applying the long-term capital market assumptions into portfolio construction algorithms without taking into account any uncertainty and also without considering potential asymmetry in asset class returns. In other words, traditional approaches to portfolio construction assume that predicted long-term expected returns are correct to the decimal place, rather than being a general overview. They also assume that returns are just as likely to exceed as to fall below expectations. In reality, asset class returns are typically asymmetrical. It is essential to model asset class returns and risks correctly, taking proper account of the nonnormality of asset returns and looking beyond volatility as the main measure of portfolio risk. By doing so, the long-term capital market assumptions can enable investors to better quantify the trade-offs between the relative risk premiums across asset classes and across different geographical regions; understand how to think about portfolio diversification; and determine which nominal or real return target is appropriate for a given target volatility or downside risk measure. This year, as last year, we analyzed the accuracy of our long-term capital market assumptions over the past ten years. This was a particularly volatile and uncertain decade characterized by a credit boom followed by a spectacular bust, resulting in a negative outlook for asset values and economies around the world. Over this period, a strategic portfolio weighted 50 percent in equities, 30 percent in bonds, 12 percent in hedge funds, 5 percent in private equity and 3 percent in direct real estate would have achieved an annualized return of 7.3 percent, compared with our expected annualized return of 7.1 percent. This is a reassuring result. Alexandre Christie is a global strategist for the Investment Management ñ Solutions Group at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in London. For more information, please visit our Long-Term Capital Market Assumptions 2015 website.  See J.P. Morganís disclaimer. Get more on banking and capital markets. FREE AppDownload
ReutersFrom left, Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Missouri), Sen. John Barrasso (R-Wyoming), Sen. John Thune (R-South Dakota), Senate Minority Whip John Cornyn of Texas, and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington on Tuesday.A bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline was defeated in the Senate on Tuesday. The Senate voted 59-41, putting the bill one vote shy of the 60 it needed to reach the White House.