The cyclist Lance Armstrong could lose much more than his already ravaged reputation if he confesses to doping this week during a television interview with Oprah Winfrey -- he could end up in jail. The disgraced Texan's decision to talk to the famed US talk show host has divided opinion, as some say he needs to do something radical to rehabilitate his public profile, while others say speaking out will only make matters worse. The crux of the matter is whether Armstrong, having been stripped of his seven Tour de France titles, will finally admit that he was a drugs cheat. Such a confession would overturn more than a decade of strenuous denials. "If I were his lawyer, I'd be telling him not to do it.
The ones shaded blue pay in more than they get back. Texas is the only "blue" state here that doesn't vote Democratic. Ezra Klein Anyway, it's the system of intra-state transfers that makes the United States a functioning union, and it's the reason that we're not like the Eurozone. The US states and the various Eurozone countries are actually similar in that they can't print their own money, and have to strive to balance their books, and if they don't, markets may lose confidence in them. But the difference is that the rich states are permanently bailing out the poor states, a mechanism which doesn't exist formally in Europe (it exists on an ad hoc basis). Not only that, but there are mechanisms to balance things out, when there's a slump. Although Florida currently pays in more than it receives, during the collapse, it got a big benefit. Paul Krugman pointed out earlier this year: 1.
Democratic senator Dianne Feinstein got into a heated exchange with primary-age school children over the Green New Deal, firmly stating that she will not support the renewable energy plan. A group of schoolchildren stopped by the California senator’s San Francisco office on Friday to call on her to support the scheme, spearheaded by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, that calls for net-zero greenhouse emissions and 100 per cent renewable energy in the US by 2030. However, the conversation between Ms Feinstein, 85, and the children apparently escalated into a confrontation with the Democratic lawmaker criticised for the tone she took. The testy exchange was captured on video by a campaign group and heavily edited before being posted online.In the video the California Democrat tells the children she could not support the Green New Deal because “there’s no way to pay for it”.
Asian markets were set for a cautious close to 2014 on Wednesday as worries about Greece's future in the euro zone served as an excuse to take profits on popular trades. The U.S. dollar also ran into selling on its recent gains, while the euro got no respite as a host of European bonds yields fell to all-time lows after a shockingly sharp fall in Spanish inflation. Trade was thinned by holidays in Japan, Thailand, South Korea and the Philippines, while many markets in Europe are either shut or finish early on Wednesday.But one girl replied to say: “We have tons of money going to [the] military.”“I’ve been doing this for 30 years,” Ms Feinstein said. “I know what I’m doing. You come in here and you say it has to be my way or the highway. I don’t respond to that.”She added: “I’ve gotten elected. I just ran. I was elected by almost a million-vote plurality, and I know what I’m doing. So, you know, maybe people should listen a little bit.”
And beyond that, Obama has already said he won't negotiate cuts for a debt ceiling hike this time. Says Phillips: These factors imply that the next debt limit increase will be at least as difficult to enact as the last one was, and that there is a clear possibility of breaching the limit and causing more significant disruptions to government financing. Phillips is not alone in worrying. Phillip Klein at the Washington Examiner says the same thing in a column tonight, that the debt ceiling could be harder this time around.¬† His logic is similar to Goldman's: There just aren't obvious avenues to cuts: This time, however, it will be more difficult for Republicans to get Democrats to agree to spending cuts.
Gopman is a caricature of the quintessential Silicon Valley go-getter as often portrayed in the tech press: a young white male, innovative, wet behind the ears, indifferent to social convention, and soon very rich thanks to a hot new idea that attracts a wave of venture capitalist cash his way. Itís a testament to the capitalist dream at work, the power of innovation when the government just stays out of the picture and lets the Galts of the world take over. Their ideal vision of San Francisco would indeed be a scary place, where the rich could call the shots on the grounds that they are ìgiving backî in the form of productivity and jobs, even if a huge chunk of the population is excluded from those benefits. But theirs is not the San Francisco that the majority of techies would like to see. It is just the vision of the most loudmouthed techies. The VC/startup crowd presented in the press is only one facet of a larger culture, and hardly the most flattering one. As a software engineer, here are some rough statistical generalizations I can make based on the thousands of†engineersónot businesspeople or execs, though some later moved into those rolesówhom Iíve met in the field. They are male by a significant margin. They are otherwise the most diverse group of people I have ever been around, with a sizable percentage of immigrants from Asia, Europe, and South America. Particularly after George W. Bushís election, there appeared to be very few Republicans among them. More of them go to Burning Man than to church. They are reflexively social libertarians. (The tech scene contains†a strong polyamorous community, for example.) They are openly horrified by the irrationalism of much American political discourse of the right and center-right, by which I mean everyone from James Inhofe to Max Baucusói.e., well over half of the Senate. Like economists Joseph Stiglitz and Nouriel Roubini as well as Warren Buffett, they see that inequality does not make for a stable political system, and they are broadly supportive of public policy measures that would help rebalance the scales. They donít complain about taxes much.Ms Ocasio-Cortez’s scheme would “not pass the Senate”, the veteran politician told the children. After one asked her to vote for it anyway, she said: “I may do that ... but it’s not a good resolution.”Supporters of Ms Feinstein said the video only showed a part of the interaction between the children and the politician. In events not shown, Ms Feinstein said she presented her visitors with copies of the environmental bill she is supporting in the Senate instead of the Green New Deal.“If you have a problem with it, you can let me know,” Ms Feinstein told the children later in the video.Ms Feinstein defended the scrutinised exchange as “a spirited discussion”, NBC News reported.“Unfortunately, it was a brief meeting but I want the children to know they were heard loud and clear,” she added.The schoolchildren’s visit was organised by Sunrise Movement, a anti-climate change youth organisation that is backing the Green New Deal legislation.Adults from the group also lobbied Ms Feinstein during the visit.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff says he's got a plan ready if special counsel Robert Mueller's full report isn't made public.And it includes bringing Mueller himself before his committee."Well we will obviously subpoena the report, we will bring Bob Mueller in to testify before Congress, we will take it to court if necessary," Schiff said. "And in the end, I think the department understands they're going to have to make this public. I think Barr will ultimately understand that as well."Schiff said that if Barr, who was recently confirmed as attorney general, tried "to withhold, to try to bury any part of this report, that will be his legacy, and it will be a tarnished legacy.""So I think there’ll be immense pressure not only on the department, but on the attorney general to be forthcoming," he said.It was widely reported last week that Mueller's report could be submitted to Barr within a matter of days. But by Friday, new reporting suggested that the report is not expected to be delivered by the end of this week.Late last week, several Democratic House committee chairs sent a letter to Barr stating "in the strongest possible terms, our expectation that the Department of Justice will release to the public the report Special Counsel Mueller submits to you — without delay and to the maximum extent permitted by law."Speaking with reporters last week, President Donald Trump said he had not spoken with Barr about the Mueller report.Schiff pledged Sunday that his committee will "get to the bottom of this," adding "if the president is serious about all of his claims of exoneration, then he should welcome the publication of this report."Mueller was hired as special counsel after Trump fired then-FBI Director James Comey in May 2017 to take over the FBI's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election and whether members of the Trump campaign colluded with Russian officials. The probe was later expanded to include whether Trump had obstructed justice in the Russia probe through moves such as his firing of Comey.Several Trump associates and former campaign officials have been indicted or convicted as part of Mueller's investigation, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone. In a separate investigation that stemmed from Mueller's work, Trump's former attorney Michael Cohen was convicted of a series of felonies, including campaign finance violations for hush-money payments he made to two women just prior to the 2016 presidential election to silence them about alleged past affairs with Trump.So far, Mueller has not charged any Trump associates with crimes related to direct collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.Trump has repeatedly blasted the investigation as a "witch hunt."How much detail he chooses to go into to convey to the Department of Justice is a great question. I hope they lean on the detailed side. This is not a normal investigation by any evaluation. It's one that I think the department, Congress and the public have enormous interest in finding out just exactly what they learned."In calling for the full report to be released, Democratic Rep. Jim Himes of Connecticut said on NBC's "Meet the Press" that "everything about" the Mueller probe "has become political," and the only "way to end that is for the truth to be out there.""The question of the Russian interference and the possibility of collusion by the president and his people has twisted our politics into something unrecognizable for the last two years, including behavior on the part of the president — attacking the FBI, attacking Bob Mueller,” said Himes, who sits on the House Intelligence Committee.Bannon said he expects the report to contain "very little on Russian collusion.""I think the bulk of the report will be obstruction of justice," he said. "And like I said, that depends on what your decision is about what the authority is of the president of the United States to make some of these decisions. I have a lot of respect for Bob Mueller. I will have to see how this report turns out."Have you been playing a lot of Apex Legends, but just can’t seem to get a win? Does it seem like you die a lot or can’t get a kill? Maybe you need to practice more or maybe your character’s hitbox is screwing you over.Over on the Apex Legends subreddit, players are sharing clips and posts discussing something odd about the game. In Apex Legends players have a choice of different heroes they can play as. Each hero has different abilities, like a shield or medic drone. But it turns out each of these characters also have different sized hitboxes and this is where things become possibly unfair.In the clip Wpns_Grade shows that a smaller hero, Pathfinder, has a larger hitbox than a similar sized character, Bloodhound. What this basically means is that players who choose Pathfinder will be easier targets than players who choose Bloodhound.Bigger characters like Caustic and Gibraltar have huge hitboxes and many players who main these characters feel they are at a disadvantage.Some are even choosing to stop playing as these bigger characters. “I stopped playing the poison guy just because everyone is a lot more accurate against him,” said Reddit user vklexer. Another user in the same thread shared a similar story. “I have the same experience with Caustic. I have noticeably easier time if I play Lifeline, Bloodhound or Bangalore.”I personally love playing as Gibraltar and I have often felt like I lose firefights more often than I would normally expect. I’m not a pro by any means, but I feel like I should be doing a little better than I currently am. Maybe it’s because my hitbox is so much easier to hit than other smaller characters like Wraith.Wraith in particular seems to have a lot of anger around her. The character moves fast, has a low stance while moving and a smaller hitbox than bigger characters. The community isn’t fully in agreement about how to handle these hitbox differences. Some players want Respawn to make all character hitboxes the same size and shape. These players believe this is the best way to make the game fair. Others think bigger characters should be easier to hit because they are larger. Some have suggested giving these bigger character ability or health buffs to balance them more.After watching clips of different hitboxes and reading a bunch of posts about the whole situation, I will personally try playing as other smaller characters more often. I love my big and cool Gibraltar, but I also want to win more often. Sorry, brother.COLUMBUS, Miss. – Weekend storms raked parts of the Southeast, leaving deaths and injuries in their wake as a tornado smashed into a commercial district in a small Mississippi city and drenching rains fed a rising flood threat.A woman was killed when a tornado hit Columbus, Mississippi, and a man died when he drove into floodwaters in Tennessee, officials said.Columbus Mayor Robert Smith Sr. said 41-year-old Ashley Glynell Pounds of Tupelo and her husband were renovating a house Saturday evening, and when the husband went to get them something to eat, the building collapsed and killed her.Smith said 12 other people were injured, but the injuries did not appear to be major. City spokesman Joe Dillon said the tornado also seriously damaged a school and two community center buildings.In Knox County, Tennessee, officials said a man died after his vehicle became submerged in high water.At First Pentecostal Church in Columbus, the Rev. Steve Blaylock said the building was "a total loss," with a wall pushed in, holes in the roof and substantial water damage. He and his congregants tried to salvage what they could on the morning after the storm. But he said they still held a Sunday prayer service and even went ahead with a scheduled baptism, using a borrowed portable baptismal pool."We will rebuild. We've got a good church here," Blaylock said. "It'll be a testimony of God."Residents of one street on the east side of Columbus were out early Sunday morning with chain saws, clearing away branches of the many trees that had snapped or were uprooted in the storm. Metal siding and roofing materials were scattered throughout the neighborhood of older homes. While the houses generally remained standing, sheds and outbuildings were mostly demolished.He said trees toppled across vehicles and car windows were blown out.Lawrence said he was at home getting ready to take a bath when the storm struck."The wind all of a sudden just got so strong and it was raining so much you could hardly see out the door, and I could hear a roaring. Evidently it came close," he said, speaking with AP in a phone interview."It will be a start-over deal," Lawrence said. "I can't say it will come back better or stronger, but we'll come back."A printing shop had been speared by a pipe with great force and what seemed to be a vacant commercial building nearby appeared heavily damaged.Firefighters and law enforcement officers cordoned off the area, and power was out in the area.Elsewhere around the South, homes, highways, parks and bridges were flooded or put out of commission amid the heavy rains and severe storms. News outlets report that water rescues have been performed in some Middle Tennessee counties. Flash flood warnings and watches remained in place throughout the South and one Mississippi community reported large hail.Interstate 40 near the Tennessee line with North Carolina was closed by a rockslide, one of the dozens of roads and highways shut down throughout the region, transportation officials said.Officials said a mudslide destroyed a Subway restaurant in Signal Mountain, Tennessee. No injuries were reported.In West Virginia, officials have evacuated 11 families in the southern part of the state from low-lying areas due to flooding from heavy rains.In Bruce, Mississippi, rivers broke flood stage and flash floods poured into homes and businesses. News outlets report that officials in Grenada, Mississippi, declared a local state of emergency after dozens of streets and homes flooded. A 6-mile (9-kilometer) stretch of the Natchez Trace Parkway was closed in Mississippi after water covered part of the road.Meteorologist Kole Fehling says emergency officials reported the threat involved the Audubon Dam, which blocks a creek on the north side of Oxford and a subdivision.Weather officials said the storm's impact stretched from eastern Arkansas to northern Georgia and beyond. Alabama's governor declared a state of emergency in several counties, hoping to speed recovery in event of damages.Kentucky announced Friday that it was closing the U.S. 51 bridge over the Ohio River to Cairo, Illinois, because of flooding on the southern approach. The bridge, which carries 4,700 vehicles a day, is likely to stay closed until Thursday, and possibly longer.Areas downstream of the dam, from Rowena to Burkesville, could be affected by flooding as a result, officials said.The Ohio River at Cairo was predicted to crest Sunday at its third-highest level ever recorded, and stay that high into next week. The Tennessee River near Savannah, Tennessee, also was forecast to crest at near-record levels.
KABUL, Afghanistan — The Taliban’s deputy leader, Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar, arrived in Qatar on Sunday, officials said, for what could be the highest-level negotiations yet between the insurgents and American diplomats on ending the long Afghan war.The next round of talks, scheduled to begin on Monday in Doha, the Qatari capital, is expected to focus on the details of a framework deal that the two sides reached in principle last month. Under that framework, American troops would withdraw from Afghanistan in return for a Taliban guarantee that Afghan territory would never be used by terrorists.
The White House just released a photo of President Barack Obama meeting with his top national security advisors in the White House Situation Room Friday morning for a briefing on the manhunt for 19-year-old Boston bombing suspect†Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.† According to a White House pool report, officials were updated on the investigation and briefed on the police shootout in Watertown, Mass., in which Boston Police shot and killed the first bombing suspect, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26.The talks have so far excluded the Afghan government. American officials have said that any final agreement would require the insurgents to meet with Afghan officials and to declare a cease-fire to ease the burden of a war that is taking lives in record numbers.Visiting Kabul, Zalmay Khalilzad, the special envoy leading the American delegation, said he would be pushing the insurgents to agree to the steps with the Afghan side, a process complicated by deep divisions among the country’s government and the political elite.[Read about the three Afghan scholarship students from the 1970s who are now at the center of peace talks.]Mullah Baradar’s travel to Doha from Pakistan, where he had been detained for years, was confirmed by a Western official who is closely following the peace developments but who requested anonymity, as he was not authorized to speak to the news media.Sayid Akbar Agha, a former Taliban official who still has contacts with the group, also confirmed the move, saying, “Mullah Baradar reached Doha an hour ago, and he will take part in peace talks with Khalilzad.”Kai Eide, a former United Nations envoy to Afghanistan who was involved in some of the earliest peace contacts with the Taliban, said Mullah Baradar’s arrival to join the Taliban’s negotiators based in Doha was an encouraging sign that the insurgency’s top leadership was directly engaging in talks.“Baradar’s participation certainly means that the Doha team will become more of a decision-making body than before,” Mr. Eide said. “From my own experience 10 years ago, I believe that he was already, before his arrest, the most prominent Taliban leader in favor of finding a political settlement.”Mullah Baradar, one of the Taliban’s founding leaders, was instrumental in their regrouping as a strong insurgency after the United States toppled their regime in 2001. Around eight years later, he made contacts with the Afghan government at the time, drawing the ire of the Pakistani military, which has been supporting the Taliban as a proxy force and giving its leadership sanctuary.The mullah was arrested in a joint operation of Pakistani and American agents, at a time when the United States military was still pursuing a victory on the battlefield and had not embraced a political resolution to the war.Mullah Baradar was released from Pakistani custody in October at the request of the American government, which hoped he could help end a war the Trump administration desperately wants behind it. But his delay in arriving in Doha repeatedly raised doubts about how free he actually was — with Afghan officials and some Taliban sources suggesting Pakistan was still closely watching him.Mullah Baradar’s arrival for peace talks gives the Americans a senior interlocutor who can finalize a deal and then use his weight with the Taliban’s rank and file to put it in place. Even so, moving the peace talks to the next stage, with Afghan government involvement, still seems daunting.The Taliban have refused to meet with the Afghan government, while President Ashraf Ghani has insisted that the peace talks will not go anywhere unless the insurgents formally sit with his administration.A large group of Afghan politicians, led by former President Hamid Karzai, met with the Taliban in Moscow this month in what they hoped could be an icebreaker for broader talks between the groups. But officials in the Ghani government heavily criticized the move, saying it undermined the fragile Afghan state at a critical time.The government and the opposition have also vehemently disagreed over the makeup of a negotiating team for when the Taliban do agree to formal talks with Afghan officials. Mr. Ghani’s choice — a group of negotiators that would include several government ministers and be led by his chief of staff — was denounced as unrepresentative by the opposition. Mr. Khalilzad, the American envoy, has also said the government would have to make its team inclusive for negotiations to move forward.Subscribe for original insights, commentary and discussions on the major news stories of the week, from columnists Max Fisher and Amanda Taub.Mr. Ghani has called for a loya jirga, a grand consultative meeting of about 2,000 representatives from across Afghanistan, next month to define the parameters for talks with the Taliban. Officials hope the meeting could bridge the gap between the positions of the government and the opposition, building consensus for a united peace effort.“If that happens, it may take a long time before another attempt could be made to find a political settlement,” Mr. Eide said.Fahim Abed contributed reporting from Kabul, and Taimoor Shah from KandaharTrump Announces Fourth of July ‘Salute to America’ at the Lincoln Memorial.President Trump has talked for years about hosting a patriotic parade in Washington, and on Sunday he announced that something of the sort would take place in a Fourth of July “gathering” at the Lincoln Memorial.“HOLD THE DATE!” Mr. Trump said in a tweet about the event, which he said would be called “A Salute to America.”The president, who is also fond of hosting rallies for his supporters, added that the celebration would include a “major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!”Mr. Trump has long said he wanted to stage a display of American military might, musing about a parade on Pennsylvania Avenue or a Veterans Day extravaganza. He got the idea after watching a Bastille Day parade on the Champs-Élysées in 2017, but was stymied last yearby spiraling costs that rendered his vision too expensive.It was unclear whether the Independence Day celebration he announced on Sunday would include any type of parade, or a display of tanks, fighter planes and troops.On social media, critics questioned how the event would differ from Mr. Trump’s campaign rallies and accused him of taking credit for an Independence Day celebration that happens on the National Mall every year.“It is a shame that Donald Trump has decided to hijack the already-planned, non-political Capitol Fourth, to honor himself with a rally,” VoteVets, a progressive veterans group, said on Twitter. “If it involves the military parading to boost his ego, we will do everything we can to stop it.”Mr. Trump said at a meeting of his cabinet at the White House this month that he was envisioning “a gathering, as opposed to a parade, I guess you’d have to say.”Jim Mattis, the former defense secretary, famously objected to having the American military march in lock step down Constitution Avenue, flanked by tanks and fighter planes.During his meeting at the White House, Mr. Trump said he had already found some savings: “free” fireworks.Mr. Trump has seemed smitten with the idea of a military parade since the early days of his presidency. The committee planning his inaugural ceremony reportedly explored, but rejected, using military equipment in the traditional parade from the Capitol to the White House.In July 2017, Mr. Trump witnessed the grandeur of a military parade at the annual Bastille Day celebration in Paris. He could be seen gesticulating and whispering at the elaborate display of tanks, soldiers on horseback and military jets flying overhead.“We are going to have to try and top it,” he said.Draymond Green went down with an ankle injury after stepping on Cousins’ foot in the second half of the game and didn’t return. After the game, Green said he doesn’t expect to miss much time.When Durant was asked about his concern for Green, he responded, “I mean, he’ll be back for the playoffs. That’s the only thing we worry about here, right?”That’s ... pretty damn straightforward. Durant is right to think this way and most are probably in agreement, but it was jarring to hear the language so matter-of-fact.There’s obvious fatigue in Golden State after three titles in four years, yet we all know this team ultimately is too talented to miss the Finals. And they know that too.“We’ll be fine,” Green said. “We have to focus in and lock in. The game’s gotta matter. From the start of the game tonight, it didn’t look like it mattered. It didn’t feel like it mattered. The game has to matter more.”Green then elaborated on a bad practice the day before.“Guess what,” Thompson said. “We haven’t had a problem getting over the hump in the playoffs.”
To muted laughter he asked: "Over 16% anyone? Put up your hands."]¬†The harder you shake the pack, the easier it will be for some cornflakes to get to the top. And for one reason or another ‚Äì boardroom greed or, as I am assured, the natural and god-given talent of boardroom inhabitants - the income gap between the top cornflakes and the bottom cornflakes is getting wider than ever. I stress: I don‚Äôt believe that economic equality is possible; indeed, some measure of inequality is essential for the spirit of envy and keeping up with the Joneses that is, like greed, a valuable spur to economic activity. Johnson nonetheless called for a more meritocratic society that may lead to some reduction in economic inequality. He announced his support of plans for a return of selective state schools and more state-funded scholarships for academically successful students to attend private schools. Johnson's assertion that IQ was linked with success and his implication that economic inequality could act as a spur to the talented prompted the biggest response amongst the British left.
But he cautioned against rushing to judgment, warning against accepting "reporting, tweets, and blogs" at face value.† Obama also made mention of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas, which has claimed at least 14 lives.†He pledged that his administration would continue to provide resources to the area, saying he has been in contact with local officials and Gov. Rick Perry.† After his press conference, he signed a disaster declaration. That wrapped up a tough week ó one he said tested the resolve of the American people, who passed with flying colors. "All in all this has been a tough week, but we have seen the character of our country once more," he said. "And as president, I'm confident that we have the courage and the resilience and the spirit to overcome these challenges and to go forward as one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."
The deep thinkers in D.C. are also confused about the governmentís investment in the mortgage industry.This is probably the economic story of the season. Americans shopped online like crazy this year, and it overwhelmed the package delivery infrastructure. 
The Irish cabinet is discussing a similar notion but awaits the Scots' verdict. For all their reputation as a nation of soaks, Scots actually constitute a small market. The SWA says its big concern is other countries introducing similar bills if the Scottish legislation goes ahead.
There is currency trading going on, but it is quiet.
Those terms are kicked around on Wall Street all the time and if you're new to the market you may think they're interchangeable. They're not. Typically trading means moving in and out of positions over a short period of time, sometimes in the same day. An example would be betting on a stock's move immediately after earnings are reported. That's a trade. Investing involves longer time horizons, as much as a year or more, and it typically involves themes that have breadth such as the renaissance in housing or the resurgence of banks. Cramer doesn't typically advocate that 'home gamers' trade. That's the deep end of the pool and something he thinks is better left for the pros. "I have deliberately skewed the last 500 some odd shows away from trading and toward investing because there are so many more obstacles to trading than investing these days," he said. "You have to watch your positions like a hawk, to the point where it's very hard to do your full-time job and also follow the market." However, if you're among those Cramer fans who loves the thrill of trading ñ that is moving in and out of positions with relative aplomb ñ Cramer does have some advice. It follows: 1. Make sure you have a catalyst "I would do no trade if I couldn't explain exactly what the company did and why I liked it and what I expected to happen," he said. 2. Develop an exit point "Do no buying of anything unless you have an exit strategy in place from the moment you put the trade on," said Cramer. And that doesn't just mean a level at which to stop out if the trade goes against you. It also means knowing at what level you'll ring the register if you have profits. 3. Trade with conviction "If you have little confidence, you can easily be shaken out by the broader market," Cramer said. Sometimes stocks decline before they advance. You need to believe in your thesis each and every day. "If you can do all of those things and you have an interest in trading rather than investing, Cramer said give it a try ñ but start small."
So here's the latest in wild internet rumors. Everyone thinks that the President of Argentina Christina Fern·ndez de Kirchner†adopted a young Jewish man in order to stop him from turning into a werewolf. The story was reported by†The Independent†and others. Well, the story's kind of true ó†Fern·ndez de Kirchner†did†adopt the young man as her godson ó but not to keep him from turning into a werewolf. There's an old Argentinian legend that a seventh child will turn into "el lobizon" ó aka a werewolf ó after his 13th birthday, and then terrorize the Argentinian countryside at night whenever there's a full moon, as reported by the Independent. In the 19th century, parents were reportedly so spooked by "el lobizon" that they started abandoning and murdering their 7th children. Around the same time, in the early 20th century, another tradition involving a seventh child came to be. Argentinian presidents started adopting the seventh child born in a family as godchildren.
uring periods of crisis, it's not unusual to see investors liquidate everything. However, no one would characterize the sell-offs Knight refers to as crises. "While these two episodes proved to be only temporary, we think they foreshadow the risk management challenge that investors face when so many market prices are connected by interventionist macro policies," Knight said. "If all assets can rise together, then surely they can fall together."
"While foreclosures will likely continue to stage a weak rally in certain markets next year as the last of the distress left over from the Great Recession is dealt with," said Daren Blomquist at RealtyTrac. "It is highly unlikely that there will be a foreclosure comeback that poses any major threat to the solid housing recovery that has now taken hold." But some states and cities continued to struggle with foreclosures. At the state level, Florida continued to post the nation's highest foreclosure rate, with one in every 392 homes receiving a foreclosure filing. Delaware and Maryland rounded of the nation's three states with the highest foreclosure rates.